[OSDOCS#17175]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-3 (#114275)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/compliance-kubeletconfig-sub-pool-remediation.adoc

[id="compliance-kubeletconfig-sub-pool-remediation_{context}"]
= Remediating `KubeletConfig` sub pools

[role="_abstract"]

> `KubeletConfig` remediation labels can be applied to `MachineConfigPool` sub-pools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can apply `KubeletConfig` remediation labels to `MachineConfigPool` sub-pools.
```
